hi everybody this is Jeffrey here
hopefully you can't all hear me there
will be there will be a little bit of a
delay in the chat so pretty much we're
talking about today and I'm here
downtown and I have a coffee from noble
coffee which I don't know if any of you
know that place but I live just about a
block away from there and I'm coughing a
little bit because the coffee is
extremely cold and we'll just make sure
everyone can hear me and stuff and then
we'll actually begin with some some of
the topic so hopefully everything's
working can give me a heads up in the
chat if you can actually hear me okay
and if the video is functioning seems
like everything's working from from and
the quality here should be a lot better
than zoom and if you want you can go you
can probably go sit outside and watch
this lecture and still chat and oh yeah
my girlfriend Ella painted my nail
polish painted my nails yesterday that
was quite cool
and I've also been collecting some
flowers hopefully you all have been
having a nice time during your
quarantine and things have been going
well one of the things that I've been
personally focused on is my tik-tok
channel and doing some drawing related
things and so I've been having some nice
projects to do outside of working on
school things and now it's a good time
to you know come up with some some nice
projects for yourself I think of course
you know you shouldn't feel forced to do
that you shouldn't feel pressure to do
that but it's a good time to do that I
think
all right so one of the main things that
I want to talk about which we've been
talking about so far in the class um is
this topic of mediation and mediation is
you know so this class is a theory in
practice in aMDA and M de is emerging
media and digital art right so key word
being media and media is a really
interesting topic that you should you
should definitely know about regardless
of whether you're going to be an artist
or an art director or a business person
media is actually an extremely important
topic and specifically the act of the
act of mediation so the idea behind
mediation is that mediation is the
process by which you send a message the
process and means by which you get your
message across and this is pretty
relevant pretty much anything that you
do creatively because most of the things
that angle says are we allowed to follow
your my tik-tok yeah you can follow my
tech-talk I actually go live on tik-tok
every single night for an hour and I do
a kind of a kids show so it's less
topics like this more goofy things then
anyway so what I was saying is that you
should well you should pay attention to
how you're getting your message across
and the thing is that most of the most
of the things that we think about as
creative you know so like creative
things
why don't you list a couple creative
things let's hear some creative things
from the chat so like what is some
things that are creative what are some
creative activities that one can do I
know one thing is is drawing you know I
like to draw drawing right now
what are some other creative things
there are some other great things
there's a making music
or the names of some nice music right
now sculpting is a creative fear or some
other creative things creative
activities yeah video editing
anything else that's probably good
that's a good set of ideas for us to
work with I think so if we think about
these activities drawing making music
sculpting and video editing they all
have to somehow relate with they all
have to somehow relate to communication
in some way right the reason why you
would make a drawing is so that you can
communicate something but there's a
bigger maybe you make a drawing and
nobody ever sees it right maybe you make
a song nobody ever listens to it it's
just for yourself we make a sculpture
nobody ever sees it or feels it we make
a video and it's just for practice right
so it's not so much about communicating
it's actually a process of recording and
often what we think about as creativity
relates to our ability to record things
especially today basically sorry I'm a
bit short of breath so
yeah so creativity basically today let's
say most of the things that we think of
as being creative has to do with our
ability to record stuff how well can you
record stuff right it doesn't mean that
it's only to be shared yet or
communicated but your ability to
determine if something was recorded well
right like if you make a drawing and
only you ever see it right how do you
determine the quality of that drawing
right if you make a drawing but only you
ever see how do you determine the
quality well you're basically
communicating with yourself right so
like if you if you look in the mirror
and you grab your your iPhone or
whatever and you take a nice picture of
yourself something like that you know
looking quite good in the mirror here
you take a selfie right then you get a
then then it's it's quite easy to think
okay I can that's a good a good selfie
or a bad selfie right we all have a sort
of inherent image of ourselves and so if
we take a picture of ourselves in the
mirror we can think oh that's a good
quality selfie or a bad quality selfie
based on different criteria right our
mediation and recording the same
practice is recording a form of
mediation yes yeah exactly that's sort
of what I'm that's sort of what I'm
getting at basically is that when you
record something you're basically caught
in what's called a feedback loop okay
you're caught in a feedback loop so so
it's very easy to understand when you
when you're literally looking in a
mirror we're literally looking at a an
image on a camera and you're just seeing
yourself you can you move your face
around you you smile you turn at
different angles right in order to
create a better recording right and in
that process you're in a feedback loop
you're actually in usually you're in
something called what they used to call
a dialog
you're in a dialogue but the dialogue
dialogue meaning you're in a kind of
conversation but you're in a
conversation not between yourself and
some other person you're in a
conversation between yourself and a
recording and so as you're making a
drawing let's say let's say we move from
selfie from the photo selfie to like a
sketchbook page well notate the sketch
book page drawing with a bit of a you
know it's get four pages hover have a
shadow underneath them so you're doing a
cool little drawing right you got this
little drawing happening and and when
you do trying to paint that flower
you're still you're in a dialogue with
the recording that you're making right
so you you also might have a you also
have the the sort of the subject right
so in this case it's directly you or
your face plus the mirror in this case
there might be a there might be an
actual flower somewhere that you're the
ear observing something like that and
you know you're trying to look at the
look at the flower and draw the flower
accurately or try to get the the mood of
that flower down or something like that
now when you're doing that you know
you're in you're in a kind of a process
in which you're constantly making
decisions about the quality of that
thing and and that process of making
those decisions right now that is
basically that is what we call taste my
friends that is where this idea of
artistic taste comes from now you might
say like well you don't have to be
creating stuff in order to have taste
that's true but having taste means that
you're able to determine what kinds of
decisions were made and judge them based
on certain criteria so like if you're
watching if you're playing an indie game
that came out and you're like oh they
didn't add this feature or the graphics
aren't so good or whatever you're
basically you're basically review
or criticizing the dialogue that took
place between the creative person or the
creative entity who was making the
recording and you who's on the other end
if that makes sense
so we have a little message about some
someone experiencing some lag if you're
experiencing lag you can try to drop
down the video quality but from my end
I'm not dropping any frames so in terms
of my connection things are things are
quite good and if there's video lag from
my connection the audio should still
come through quite well but if there is
like didn't let me know then you can try
to drop down there the video quality
alright so any questions so far we're
slowly moving towards talking about this
concept of mediation I'll hang out as I
couldn't see if we have any any
questions from the class
and we'll just let that let that sink in
for a bit
so people have taste their taste is
based on the dialogue that takes place
between the creator of the thing and the
recording this you might call it a and
an artifact you know in media theory we
call them we might call them media
objects that's a fancy word for for like
content basically a media object is like
if you're reading media theory or like
academic media Theory type stuff media
object is basically what these days we
call content so your piece of content is
basically the result of the dialogue
that takes place between you and the
media now in order for taste to exist
another dialogue actually starts to take
place right there becomes a dialogue
that occurs between the let's say the
consumer or the audience you might have
been here you have a relationship
between the audience and the creative or
the creator and that's a different kind
of dialogue that takes place now that
dialogue is also mediated okay it's also
mediated it's not just it's not just
that media sort of it's part of the
equation when you're making something
right of course you might be you might
be making a drawing and you're saying
yeah I'm using this media or the media
is drawing on paper or something like
that right mediation also takes place
between the audience and the the viewing
of something or the experience of
experiencing of something for example to
get a little bit introspective right now
you know you're watching this lecture on
YouTube and as an audience member right
I'm I'm drawing these drawings and so
I'm creating uh let's say the piece of
the piece of content here right
so I'm creating a piece of contents and
you're consuming the content and so
right now you might say that I myself am
involved in creating the recording and
this recording involves me drawing it
also involves me not making but playing
a piece of music which are listening to
I have not done any sculpting but we
could get into that if we want to I mean
I do have some play-doh so if anyone's
down we can get down with them thus the
haptic arts haptic meaning related to
touch in the hands and also I'm doing
some video editing here right so of
course I can do a bit of live video
editing or you know whatever things like
that so so all these activities are
actually going on right now
simultaneously in order to actually
produce this recording and when I
determined to draw or to you know raise
the volume of the music or lower the
volume right I'm I'm I'm basically
looking at the reflection right I'm
looking at the thing that's being made
and and I'm and I'm conversing with it
I'm saying oh no no you're too loud
you're too loud I have to I have to turn
you down right or I'm listening to my
voice in my headphones and I'm saying oh
no no there's not enough there's not
enough reverb on my voice yeah but you
get the idea right I mean you basically
you get the gist of this idea so that's
my relationship with this exact
recording that you're listening to right
now now the audience relationship to the
creative is mediated by a few different
things first of all it's mediated by the
piece of content so we have to think
about the fact that in order for you to
talk to me right now first you have to
go through the content that I'm creating
you got to go through the image right
and then you can try it with me but the
image isn't the only thing you have to
go through okay you also have to go
through
some other stuff you have to go through
the network but on top of the network we
have a in this case we have a we'll use
a generic term for it we have a
privatized platform right we have a
software sort of we have some resources
that allow the content to travel through
the network bennett Strickler says taste
is relative whatever you might think is
tasteless isn't another audience members
mind in good taste yeah that's actually
so that's an amazing that's that's why I
brought up taste because excuse me my
cold brew coughs that's why I brought up
taste because the next topic that I'm
going to talk about today is objectivity
and subjectivity so often you might be
in a might be in a kind of a an art
critique or something like that and
someone will say oh you know it's all
relative you might think like you know
what I like isn't what you like and
therefore art is totally subjective and
I'm going to prove prove that wrong
today I'm going to tell you that that
that is actually not the way that art
works because there has to be consensus
about what art is in order for there to
even be taste so I'll take you through
using a sort of a a test art form that
I've designed I'll take you through that
theory of taste and that should be kind
of an interesting sort of second half of
second half of the lecture I think that
would be the big takeaway for today so
there's different processes of so
basically we can put up here let me grab
a big a big red marker so we can kind of
understand this little improvised
diagram this is a map of mediation
right so the mediation which is
basically the the way something gets
communicated and sort of received occurs
you know between me and the recording it
also occurs between you and me but
before it can get between you and me it
also has to be mediated or has to be in
dialogue with the network right with the
platform of something somehow and so
there's all these different aspects
there that can change the message right
for example video quality your network
connection might change the quality of
the content it might compress the
content in some way in a way that I
didn't necessarily intend but I have to
know about those things
in order to make sure my message gets
through right for example I have to make
sure my text is you know big enough for
the resolution right I have to make sure
that you can actually read these words
and hear my voice and things even if
your quality bumps down so mediation is
very important no matter to think about
and it's important to understand some
media theory regardless of where you sit
in this graph professionally okay so
like if you graduate from sou graduate
from school and you become like an IT
person who's working on YouTube servers
and things like that then you're still
primarily involved in a media process
right and if you're going to be a
content creator then you have to
understand the structure and if you're
going to be a professional audience
member what's a professional audience
member basically a critic right
if you're going to be a professional
audience member and many creatives today
like many youtubers who here watches
like YouTube reviews of video games or
products or YouTube reviews of different
kinds of things so if you're going to be
a professional critic of some kind then
you also have to understand this whole
graph because yes you may have judgments
about things or you may have tastes but
you have to also understand where that
taste comes from if you really want your
audience to actually basically believe
you you know or to feel that you're
telling the truth
otherwise you're just saying things like
oh I don't like that so it's bad you
know you have to go a little bit deeper
into this graph to understand where your
opinions come from all right so let's
move on to the next topic which is
pretty cool the topic of objectivity /
subjectivity in arts any questions when
I set up for for this next slide
perhaps I will show you guys my little
roblox people
Hey thinking all hands to like this
[Music]
they're roblox dancers I actually should
take them off it's time to dismantle
this contraption that I made and you
know the primary thing that you're
looking at here is this little notebook
that I use all the time and I've used
this notebook to develop develop a test
art form sort of a toy a toy art form so
different art forms that exist that
people might have taste about are like
video games right or movies or sculpture
or paintings and these different art
forms have a have different rules right
so for example the art form that I've
been sort of developing as a as a hobby
is called whistle graphing whistle
crafts and an example of a whistle graph
is like this where do you like to come
down the stairs I don't want to come
Tuesday so it's a little drawing that
goes with that goes with some music
right so we could say this is example a
all right so that's one that's a one
piece of content right that's one piece
of content that was created within this
art form so never mind the rules about
the art form let's uh let's look at
another example example B so example B
would be something like hey there Apple
Apple are you okay
did you fall from the tree yesterday all
right so that's example B that was
actually made with made with my friend
Alex who's here I think listening in on
the lecture right now and I will do one
more we have a little request so one
more is the robots and that goes like
this across the robots stay bound by a
signal okay so we have three examples of
my toy three pieces of content that
exist within my little toy art form and
now that we have three examples you can
probably guess a little bit about like
what this art form is right so the idea
is that you it's pretty easy you
basically draw and there's some lyrics
and some music that goes with the
drawing and the drawing has to be done
in the same order every time so for
example if I do a a couple more times
would you would you like to come down
this stairs I don't want to cuz I'm too
scared right so you can see it's done in
the exact same way each time
collect a one
so here's an example of my my toy art
form an art form that allows us to
understand certain aspects of media and
mediation more clearly because the art
form itself is very simple you know you
basically have lines that you draw and
those are drawn in a certain order and
that makes up the composition and then
there can be lyrics involved and things
like that yeah now a few things here the
way that these things are being drawn
the way that this sort of let's say the
style alright so if I want to do the
style in which I'm drawing these is so
that you can very clearly understand
sort of what the rules are like how you
would redraw them right but just like
jazz you know I could adjust the style
so I could do something like would you
like to come down this day alright so
you have something a little bit of a
different style but that's still that
piece of content it's just been it's
just has something sort of on top of it
right the person who draws this
understands the original piece but
they're adding their own thing to it so
another example would be something like
this right so you know if you use a
big-endian ink brush or something like
that then you could you know you cannot
the ideas that you would these can have
different stylizations right so so just
like a song can have different players
right different players might play the
song differently and you might see
different results and that becomes part
of the content that they're creating or
that version of the thing now this is
partially where taste comes into play
because if you have different people
drawing things in different ways you
might that you might say oh I like the
really simple way of drawing whistle
graphs because I like to learn them or
you might say oh I already know all the
whistle graph learning them is quite
easy I like the more advanced ones right
and so here you get into the idea of
like what some people would call a
elitism cultural elitism or you know
basically taste right at a certain point
you don't like the simple stuff you like
the more complicated stuff the stuff
that goes over the simple stuff the
stuff that outlines the simple stuff
does that sort of make sense as one sort
of a there's one idea of sort of how
sort of how an art form can grow in
complexity and then we're going to move
on also to the idea of objectivity and
subjectivity which is a pretty fun topic
so we'll hit on that for a second now
examples on this test art form right so
so example a here right if I were to
draw that again here I would say where
do you like to come down the stairs I
don't want to cuz I'm too scared so
that's our sort of first example now
what if I were to not actually know the
rules like let's say I want to play a
song on the piano but I don't even have
the song memorized I don't even know it
so let's say I do something like this
would the stairs like over in the top to
go right so let's say so let's say I
don't even understand the the piece at
all like I'm trying to remember it right
so here you have a you have let's say
you might say that this is a success
write a valid you know it's correct
right this would be this would be right
and this would be wrong this would be
right and this would be wrong right so
this would be correct zero errors this
would be a failure right this would be a
failure does that make sense now in
between that in between laps you have
something you have style and you also
have abstraction
so an example of style we've already
seen an example of abstraction would be
maybe close to wrong but not actually
wrong so here's an example of
abstraction would you like to come down
the stairs I don't want to because I'm
too scared right so I've done all the
marks but I haven't done them spatially
in the right way right and so this is an
example of basically what early
abstraction and modern painting was
right rather than looking at a flower
and trying to do it in the complete
right way they look at the flower and
they they change the spatial arrangement
of the marks and this is you know it's
commonly known as cubism but it's
actually but that was more of a style of
doing it the big the big topic here is
abstraction it's saying well I'm still
doing a lot of things right but and you
can still say get the general vibes of
the thing but it's not so wrong that it
isn't the thing at all right so for
example if you were trying to make a
painting and you stacked up a couple
rocks and and they just left them
outside
people want might not even know that a
human did that right they might not even
know it was a creative thing so the
message doesn't even get sent across
right it's completely it's completely
wrong however if I were to stack up some
rocks that looked a little bit like this
and somebody knew the version of this
they would be it would be it would be
abstracted from the right version it
would be partially correct right so this
topic is basically this
you might say this is a little bit about
representation how we represent things
right representation or you might say
realism or something like that in arts
but the real takeaway here has to do
with objectivity and subjectivity right
and taste so objectivity relates to how
right you are right so like you know if
you like objectivity relates to like how
close did you get to the subject right
like so if I do this if I do this
whistle graph here you could say
scientifically basically would you like
to come down this there's a skirt right
you say that's correct
all right nobody can say that that's not
that's not correct right but when it
comes to abstraction that's where you
have to get a little bit more subjective
that's where people start to disagree
some people will say yeah that is a
really cool hey Jeffrey that's a really
cool whistle graph and other people will
say that's not a whistle graph at all it
should you know the spatial arrangement
of the marks should be should be
different right and so you get these
ideas of subjectivity in art when things
are partially not correct
you own a mean and that's basically
based on consensus of people how close
something is to the ideal version or
whether something is abstracted or not
and so you have these arguments hashed
out in paintings so for a long time it
was like do the paintings look like like
does this abstract painting of flower
look like a flower or not that was a big
argument you know now these days a lot
of arguments are over but you might have
an argument about like is that even a
painting or not and some people would
have taste saying like you know so often
I've said that like as long as you have
a frame of some kind and you put things
in it on on a plane of some kind then I
would consider that a picture or a
painting and that's a form of taste
related to what I think
consists what I think a painting is
right so a lot of times I've talked
about the concept called digital
painting in digital painting meaning a
painting made of pure information but
some people would say that the term
digital painting shouldn't even exist
you shouldn't even be able to say
something can be a digital painting
because their taste is such that they
think anything that is a painting needs
to actually have needs to actually have
real paint involved so they would say oh
it's a digital image or a digital
picture but they wouldn't say it's a
digital painting now the reason why I
would I would disagree and this is a
because of my because of my taste here
is I would say that painting has more to
do with gestures and how things are put
down as opposed to the material that it
consists of and so that's where the
arguments come from intesa in an art
does that kind of make sense
and and those arguments happen all over
the place that's where arguments come
from like oh that's not a oh that's not
a movie that's a Netflix show right
that's an interesting argument right
that's similar to the digital painting
argument saying like you know that's not
a movie that's a Netflix show or or
that's not a that's not a movie that's a
film right think about these four terms
right film movie show and video and
what's the difference like what do you
think of like when I think of film I
think of like Tarkovsky the great
Russian director who directed one of my
favorite movies Solaris when I think of
movie I think of Toy Story Toy Story
also a great work one of my favorite
things when I think of show I think of a
Walking Dead that is a good show man
that's a good show but it's very
different from a Tarkovsky film and when
I think of video I think of a videogame
dunkey is one of my favorite youtubers
who would make what I call a video now
here's the thing you can watch all of
these things
as as what as a as a dot mp4 file using
an h.264 encoding right the way he would
watch a Tarkovsky film right now is he
would go online you would get the film
as a dot mp4 mp4 file with h.264
encoding which is that is exactly the
encoding that you're watching this very
video here with right now
that's how you would watch a Tarkovsky
film the way you would watch the Toy
Story movie is you don'know grab Disney
Plus or whatever and he would also get
that video file or you get that you know
it can't even call it a video file what
every college I mean you know in the
industry they call it video but
artistically you know we think of
different things we think of these
things if you want to watch the show you
head over to you know what is it TMC or
whatever it's called or I forget that is
that the channel yeah TMC or whatever it
is that plays Walking Dead you stream
the show and before if you want to watch
a video game dunkey you go to youtube
you get the end before right so this is
very interesting right because the way
that we use these terms collectively
right and the on our opinions about them
determines the we might say the
collective taste the collective taste of
our culture right now to be unaware of
the fact that we have these four terms
for essentially what is the exact same
material right I think it's a tragedy
right good to be unaware that that's
actually that this is what's really
happening right and that this stuff is
the stuff of taste
and the stuff of art and you can have
arguments about these things right that
really puts you at a disadvantage and so
one of the main things that that
learning about media the immediated will
help you to do is it will help you to be
aware that of
the of what's called the affordances of
your media affordances does anybody use
that term before I heard that term
affordances Oh a MC Thank You
Christopher
yeah American movie channel or whatever
so the affordance of the media right
it's like let's use a let's use a coffee
cup for example the affordance of a this
ordinance of this noble coffee cup is
that I can take the lid off I can suck
from the straw they can contain coffee
it can be it is compostable and it also
affords it affords the ability for the
coffee company to put an image on the
side right or to put an image on the
outside so the fact that the image is on
the outside isn't the affordance the
affordance is the quality that the cup
has to allow an image to be printed on
it does that make sense so that's what
the affordances the affordance is the
quality something has its capacity to do
something it's sort of behavioral
capacity now interestingly enough video
the reason why we think about these
things is different is because they come
from different times right film comes
from an older material right those sort
of film reels and film had a different
affordance at a different set of
capacities or material capacities than
mp4 file does so when we look at films
we see we see a conversation between the
creator of the film and the recording
we're very different decisions were
taking place and different tastes were
developed because the material was
different now today what I think we need
in terms of in terms of this material is
we need to start having more awareness
about this material and we need to start
actually thinking about this as the
thing and we need to develop our idea of
what are the affordances of a dot mp4
file with h.264 encoding not what the
affordances are here because when you
say film movies show or video you're
thinking of the affordances of yesterday
you're thinking you're basically retro
thinking you're thinking is retrograde
so if you want to have contemporary
ideas and you want to be up to date you
always want to be up to date on the
material you know what is the current
content actually being made with you
know so content is the key what is
actually the media or the material that
is delivering the content to you and so
for example right now I'm drawing on
paper and that's part of it but what I'm
really doing right now is I'm making a
video right and to not be aware of that
is I think just really puts you at a
disadvantage
because if you don't know what all the
capabilities are then you're only going
to be doing a subset of them right
you're not going to be able to do you
know you're not gonna be thinking that
you might want to do spinny things like
this right if you're just thinking about
a notebook and you're not thinking about
you know sort of what's possible in
between the notebook and the video and
the network and things then you're gonna
miss out on some cool some cool options
you know for example I can do some color
changing things here
[Music]
right now that doesn't mean that you
have to go all in on special effects or
whatever it just means that there's
places along the chain there's sort of
places along the delivery path from you
producing your video file to getting to
other people in which you can creatively
do things and those are the affordances
just like how if you run a coffee shop
and you don't put your logo on the side
of the cup because you don't because
you're not aware that the cup can have a
logo printed on it then you're at a
disadvantage and that's a business
disadvantage but I'm talking about
creative and artistic disadvantages and
why it's important to be up to date all
right well I'm not going to keep you all
for much longer I think that it's
probably time for me to calm down and
stop drinking my cold brew so are there
any questions we'll have a few minutes
now for questions and those of you who
don't have questions you're welcome to
leave class is adjourned and this video
of course will be recorded so you can
always come back and watch it including
the chat so you'll be able to watch the
chat so any questions before we before
we break off what are some questions or
maybe things that I forgot to cover
[Music]
perhaps perhaps we have no questions you
think this is a good forum for lecture
thank saying yeah I thought this would
be better than Zoom quality is better a
bit of a better vibe do we have any
assignments anything I'd like to think
about until next term well obviously I
would like you to think about these
things until next term and there's
there's no assignment for today but what
I would like you to do is think about
some of these ideas and what I would
really like to do is to actually talk
about them so I would like you to really
really think about you know like what is
it like you know when you go home like
when you stop doing this I don't know I
mean right now you're watching an mp4
file but like how much of your day right
now is spent literally engaging with
this compression algorithm right and who
made that and how does that determine
the meaning right because you know you
have your creative person and they're
making their content but right now we're
all stuck in a situation where that
content is being passed over the network
and so I would like you to actually
really think about maybe make some notes
about how this is actually changing the
meaning of things okay and one of the
most important topics about mediation is
of course distance right if if we were
not if we were all one omnipresence for
example if I was not separate from you
and you were not separate from me there
would be no need for mediation but
because we are separate entities and we
have to discuss things or use language
or make videos then we have to mediate
our experience and so I would like you
to think about mediation as it relates
to a few other more let's say humanistic
topics like like understanding like to
what degrees your ability to understand
somebody else related to the media that
is being used and also I'd like you to
think about compassion which is related
to understanding
and I would like you to think about
emotions like anger or happiness
and start to consider this idea of the
distance that things have to travel
across time and space how far does your
message have to go and what does it mean
on the other side and how that relates
to what we might call the effects of
mediation the effects
you know these are some possibilities
these are some possible effects of this
lecture right someone here might be
angry angry because somewhere along the
chain the network may have their sick
their network connection might be poor
and they're getting frustrated and angry
because they can't hear me
somebody else with the strong connection
might be very happy right some of you
may understand me or not depending on if
you can read my handwriting right or if
you understand English so think about
all the layers of mediation that have to
occur here and where things can go wrong
and how different emotions can occur
depending on where things go right we're
wrong okay that's the end for today and
I'm going to adjourn the lecture and
I'll be on this Court till the end of
the period for those of you who have
questions if you haven't finished your
utopian machine diagram then please
submit it by the end of the day today
goodbye whoops